feat(rules): no-try-expect (#331)
jest-community/eslint-plugin-jest: docs/rules/no-try-expect.md

# Prevent catch assertions in tests (no-try-expect)

This rule prevents the use of `expect` inside `catch` blocks.

## Rule Details

Expectations inside a `catch` block can be silently skipped. While Jest provides

> an `expect.assertions(number)` helper, Shopify rarely uses this feature. Using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an `expect.assertions(number)` helper, it might be cumbersome to add to every single test. Using
```

or something 🙂

`toThrow` concisely guarantees that an exception was thrown, and that its
contents match expectations.

The following patterns are warnings:

> ```js

Reviewer: can you add an example where you test `error.code === 'MODULE_NOT_FOUND'` or something? You're not always testing the message of the error.

Should be `expect(() => foo()).toThrow(expect.objectContaining({ code: 'MODULE_NOT_FOUND' }));` in the "not warning" section

# Prevent catch assertions in tests (no-try-expect)

This rule prevents the use of `expect` inside `catch` blocks.

## Rule Details

Expectations inside a `catch` block can be silently skipped. While Jest provides

> an `expect.assertions(number)` helper, it might be cumbersome to add this to

Reviewer 2: Wondering if the rule should check for these and pass if the test uses it, for the cases where one might actually need complicated logic in a catch

Reviewer: in that case I think an `eslint-disable-next-line` comments is better rather than try to make the rule too clever.

Reviewer 2: Not if you `eslint-disable` without adding `expect.assertions` - the lint error could suggest adding `expect.assertions` to get rid of the warning and save someone from mindlessly disabling it

every single test. Using `toThrow` concisely guarantees that an exception was
thrown, and that its contents match expectations.

The following patterns are warnings:

```js
it('foo', () => {
  try {
    foo(); // `foo` may be refactored to not throw exceptions, yet still appears to be tested here.
  } catch (err) {
    expect(err).toMatch(/foo error/);
  }
});

it('bar', async () => {
  try {
    await foo();
  } catch (err) {
    expect(err).toMatch(/foo error/);
  }
});

it('baz', async () => {
  try {
    await foo();
  } catch (err) {
    expect(err).toMatchObject({ code: 'MODULE_NOT_FOUND' });
  }
});
```

The following patterns are not warnings:

```js
it('foo', () => {
  expect(() => foo()).toThrow(/foo error/);
});

it('bar', async () => {
  await expect(fooPromise).rejects.toThrow(/foo error/);
});

it('baz', async () => {

>   expect(() => foo()).toThrow(

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  await expect(() => foo()).rejects.toThrow(
```

or make it non-async
